Move default value for optional parameters discussion to each individual section (#4366)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/language-tour.md

When defining a function, use
<code>{<em>param1</em>, <em>param2</em>, …}</code>
to specify named parameters.
If you don't provide a default value
or mark a named parameter as `required`,
their types must be nullable

> as their default value will be `null`:

Reviewer: **nit:** Little long, but it works.

enableFlags(bold: true, hidden: false);
```

<a id="default-parameters"></a>
To define a default value for a named parameter besides `null`,
use `=` to specify a default value.
The specified value must be a compile-time constant.
For example:

<?code-excerpt "misc/lib/language_tour/functions.dart (named-parameter-default-values)"?>
```dart
/// Sets the [bold] and [hidden] flags ...
void enableFlags({bool bold = false, bool hidden = false}) {...}

// bold will be true; hidden will be false.
enableFlags(bold: true);
```

If you instead want a named parameter to be mandatory,
requiring callers to provide a value for the parameter,
annotate them with `required`:

<?code-excerpt "misc/lib/language_tour/functions.dart (required-named-parameters)" replace="/required/[!$&!]/g"?>
```dart
const Scrollbar({super.key, [!required!] Widget child});
```

If someone tries to create a `Scrollbar`
without specifying the `child` argument,
then the analyzer reports an issue.

{{site.alert.note}}
  A parameter marked as `required`

>   can still be nullable:

Reviewer: **question:** Is it best to say `is nullable` everywhere? Would it be more clear to say `...can be set to null`?

Author: This is talking more about the type of the variable, not the variable itself, so it seems better to stick to nullable.

  <?code-excerpt "misc/lib/language_tour/functions.dart (required-named-parameters-nullable)" replace="/Widget\?/[!$&!]/g; /ScrollbarTwo/Scrollbar/g;"?>
  ```dart
  const Scrollbar({super.key, required [!Widget?!] child});
  ```
{{site.alert.end}}

> Although it often makes sense to place positional arguments first,
> named arguments can be placed anywhere in the argument list
> when it suits your API:

Reviewer: **suggestion:** This was a little hard to read.
```suggestion
You might want to place positional arguments first,
but Dart doesn't require it.
Dart allows named arguments to be placed anywhere in the
argument list when it suits your API.
```
